[TC-292] Update X8 Datasheet (#212)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/04.pro/boards/portenta-x8/datasheet/datasheet.md

| P<sub>LP</sub>  | Power consumption in low power mode |      | 200  |      |  mW  |
| P<sub>MAX</sub> | Maximum Power Consumption           |      | 4000 |      |  mW  |

> Use of a USB 3.0 compatible port will ensure that current requirements for the Portenta X8 are met. Dynamic scaling of the Portenta X8 compute units can change the current consumption, leading to current surges during bootup. Average power consumption is provided in the above table for several reference scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of a USB 3.0 compatible port will ensure that current requirements for the Portenta X8 are met. Dynamic scaling of the Portenta X8 compute units can change the current consumption, leading to current surges during bootup. Average power consumption is provided in the above table for several reference scenarios.
```

Now that you have gone through the basics of what you can do with the board you can explore the endless possibilities it provides by checking exciting projects on ProjectHub **[5]**, the Arduino® Library Reference **[6]** and the online store **[7]** where you will be able to complement your board with sensors, actuators and more.

### Board Recovery
All Arduino boards have a built-in bootloader which allows flashing the board via USB. In case a sketch locks up the processor and the board is not reachable anymore via USB it is possible to enter bootloader mode by configuring DIP switches. 

> ***Note: A compatible carrier board with DIP switches (e.g. Portenta Max Carrier or Portenta Breakout) is required to enable bootloader mode. Bootloader cannot be reached with the Portenta X8 alone.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: A compatible carrier board with DIP switches (e.g. Portenta Max Carrier or Portenta Breakout) is required to enable bootloader mode. It cannot be enabled with the Portenta X8 alone.**
```

Author: Should we use three asterisks or two for notes? @marqdevx

Reviewer: @aliphys Three usually, but it won't be rendered as a note block inside the datasheets, only in the tutorials.
